[Music]
good morning my dear friends emily has
just applied for her US passport
apparently you do that at the post
office we submitted her documents took 8
minutes they mailed everything and in 2
to 3 weeks she's gonna get her American
passport and tomorrow or today if I'm
not that sleepy later there so we're
gonna apply for her Russian passport so
she's good
which means
that she'll be
Aaron
to the three countries that she could
not his
I am so excited for her who paid $155
for expedited processing she's gonna get
her passport and a small card I'm gonna
figure out how much Russian passport
costs but yeah and she has the nicest
picture on her passport
she's the it's gonna be the cutest
passport ever this is the cutest thing
ever the guys walking six dogs and two
of them are the cutest franchis and we
came to one of our favorite places in
San Francisco this video which is a park
it feels like a tropical forest so that
Emily can get some fresh air today guys
we're gonna talk about productivity
we're gonna talk about managing your
time we're gonna talk about how I manage
my time let's do it
rule number one before Emily I had
around 8 hours a day to work to work in
my projects to work in blogging to work
in my companies when I got pregnant I
realized this is gonna change and now I
have maybe like two hours to work maybe
three and the thing is you always have
to say no to something and in my case I
said no to being involved in operations
in my companies because it took too much
time and I realized that if I focus on
creating content if I focus on marketing
the output would be a lot better if I
try to focus on everything so I just
said no to a couple of things you know
if you're doing your bachelor's now you
may be like how can I say no to some
subjects I would still have to take
exams so my approach to that when I was
studying was okay we have these subjects
we have those exams I would only learn
stuff that is necessary for the exams
because I know I don't need the subject
later in my life we have like theory of
complicated systems or something else
like why do I need it if I want to run a
company and I just learned everything I
needed for the exam but I never spent /
wasted my time and actually
understanding what it is and it's okay
it doesn't mean that the subject is bad
is just
means that you have your limited
resource your time and your allocating
it according to your needs because you
can do everything in this life you just
have to say no so this is rule number
one the next thing that I've noticed
about my procrastination and not
managing my time correctly is that I
used to have a notebook where I would
write down all the things I need to do
and the thing is this notebook is always
at home and when I'm somewhere in a
traffic jam or waiting for somebody and
a half time instead of doing things that
really matter
I started scrolling through Instagram
and so scrolling through my social media
because my notebook was at home and I
didn't remember what was I supposed to
do so I changed this what I'm doing now
I'm gonna show you this is my to-do list
it's well it's not that big there are
three things that I need to do now then
I've already started writing things down
for 2020 and I have a section where I'm
waiting for others so that means I've
done my part and when they do their part
I will continue doing this task the
thing is having this on my phone it
automatically syncs with my laptop that
means that I can do this things from
anywhere and I'm also teaching myself to
work from my phone because before that I
would also tell myself like oh I need to
go through my emails but hey I want to
do that from my laptop because this is
how I work now I'm changing this
perspective I can work from anywhere and
from anything so I started working for
my phone and because I have this list on
my phone instead of scrolling through
social media I actually do tasks that
matter so try that should probably help
you if you think that I just sit down
and suddenly come up with ideas how to
make my life more productive I wish I
could say yes but no it's a process of
exploration I've tried so many things
there are so many people talking about
productivity and some things would work
for you some things would not and I
we took a couple classes on productivity
I took them on Skillshare and I'm super
proud that Skillshare is a platform that
has been sponsoring a lot of videos in
this channel and I personally use them
and I really really like to work with
them and I highly recommend you to check
out this productivity course and if you
want to make your 2020 more productive
then this is the way to start this is a
way to explore productivity tips maybe
try something yourself and see what fits
into your busy life and what does not if
it's the first time you hear about
Skillshare Skillshare is an online
learning community that offers
membership with meaning with so much to
explore real projects to create and the
support of fellow creatives Skillshare
empowers you to accomplish real growth
Skillshare offers classes designed for
real life like productivity so you can
move your creative journey forward
without putting life on hold you can
learn and grow with short classes that
fit your busy routine and skill sure is
also incredibly affordable especially
when compared to pricey in-person
classes and workshops an annual
subscription is less than ten dollars a
month if I inspired you to make twenty
twenty more productive and there's a
link below and it will give you two
three months of premium membership and
you can explore productivity class also
this is great practice for it English
and I know a lot of my followers like
their creativity classes like editing
video photography classes so if you're
also interested in that please check
them out because people thanked me a lot
for recommending Skillshare another
thing that I do that might work for you
so basically here I have meditation yoga
30 pages of book time on Instagram and
these are things that I do daily because
the week is over what I recommend to you
is to create this daily routine of
practicing English or any other language
Oh whatever you need a study so if we're
talking about English there are a few
things that I would suggest
let's say read ten pages in English then
maybe let's do watch a 10-minute video
in English and post on social media in
English and then you make it a table and
then you put in your day I know
January 20th and then there is your new
21st might say in etc and every day if
you do something you just tick it as
done so in the end you have 30 minutes
of English birthday and what I like here
is that you're really specific about
everything it's not just read in English
it's 310 pages it gives you a time frame
and it gives you a specific task and
also make sure you like the book oh my
god you know I have problem with reading
because I'm reading Ray Dalio principles
and this is a really really slow going
book he gives so many details and I
think I might just skip this book at all
and read a short version of it I have
started a another book that is called
burnout then 10-minute video in English
and then post on social media is another
10 minutes so every day so every day you
get to spend just half an hour on
English but if you do it every day oh my
god you're gonna notice amazing progress
and oh wait I need to go
[Music]
but you know what's most important in
this whole productivity thing is making
time for yourself
because if you're tired exhausted
stressed out
adjust be there in your body and it's
going to prevent you from being more
productive so productivity is not about
doing everything it's about
something that I mentioned
the videos say notice
second taking carrier for yourself and
third not wasting your time so
every day do something for yourself for
me it's meditation yoga takes around 20
to 30 minutes you can do it in English
you can do meditations in English just
look for those meditations on YouTube
just type in meditation or yoga class
it's another practice for you guys and
it's also time just for you
taking care of your buddy taking care of
yourself because when you're stressed up
when you don't take care of yourself
there is no productivity
or maybe just go for a walk switch off
your phone switch off your camera
very soon just enjoy this time with
yourself and with you
thank you so much guys for watching this
video I hope it helped you become more
productive take more care of yourself
and if your no you subscribe to this
channel there's a red button below hit
subscribe and I'll see you very soon in
my next vlog